feat: Better support for cross-compilation (#1050)
scikit-build/scikit-build-core: docs/guide/crosscompile.md

This is unfortunately incorrectly stripped from the cmake wrapper pyodide uses,
so FindPython will report the wrong values, but pyodide-build will rename the
.so's afterwards.

## Manual cross compilation

The manual cross compilation assumes you have [toolchain file] prepared defining
the cross-compilers and where to search for the target development files,
including the python library. A simple setup of this is to use the clang
compiler and point `CMAKE_SYSROOT` to a mounted copy of the target system's root

```cmake
set(CMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME Linux)
set(CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR aarch64)

set(triple aarch64-linux-gnu)

set(CMAKE_C_COMPILER clang)
set(CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER clang++)
set(CMAKE_C_COMPILER_TARGET ${triple})
set(CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_TARGET ${triple})

set(CMAKE_SYSROOT "/path/to/aarch64/mount/")
```

For more complex environments such as embedded devices, Android or iOS see
CMake's guide on how to write the [toolchain file].

You can pass the toolchain file using the environment variable

> `CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE`, or the `cmake.toolchain-file` pyproject option. You may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE`, or the `cmake.toolchain-file` config-settings option. You may
```

I'm not sure this is good to hard code? Though for this one (and the other), we could possibly allow it, but we probably shouldn't suggest it. It might be useful in overrides, though. Actually, maybe tags would be too.
